Docs/update lumino pages (#540)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/lumino/light-client/specs/index.md

## Specifications

As we already mention for this approach we had to work in two different parts:

- Node: Modify the actual node in order to accept and manage remote connections for Light Clients

> - Clients SDK: Implement the SDKs for the languages we want to support on the light client side. At the moment the only supported language is JavaScript (web and React native), but supporting Android and iOS is on the roadmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clients SDK: Implement the SDKs for the languages we want to support on the light client side. At the moment the only supported language is JavaScript (web and React native). Support for Android and iOS is on the roadmap.
```

*Requirements*

> 1. Two node modes, hub and full. Hub will work as a full node, but users can run the Hub node as a full node only.

Author: Agree, it sounds weird and it's unclear.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
1. The nodes should be able to run under two different execution modes.
  - Full mode: The node fulfils the whole Lumino protocol, and can operate by its own .
  - Hub mode: The node is just an intermediate, working in behalf of the Light Clients connected to it.
```

> 1. Two node modes, hub and full. Hub will work as a full node, but users can run the Hub node as a full node only.

Reviewer 2: - `fulfils` → `fulfills`
- `by its own` → `on its own`
- `in behalf` → `on behalf`

**Open Channel**

> In order to open a channel the Light Client must call the endpoint `light_channels` using the PUT method (we actually could have make the light client send the open channel transaction directly to RSK without passing thru the node, but for the sake of maintain all the logic on the node and keep the light client SDK simpler we decided to left it on the node side).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to open a channel the Light Client must call the endpoint `light_channels` using the `PUT` method. We actually could have made the light client send the open channel transaction directly to RSK without passing through the node, but for the sake of maintaining all the logic on the node and keep the light client SDK simpler, we decided to leave this logic on the node side.
```

**Deposit**

> In order to deposit token on a channel the Light Client must call the endpoint &quot;light_channels&quot; using the PATCH method (we actually could have make the light client send the open channel transaction directly to RSK without passing thru the node, but for the sake of maintain all the logic on the node and keep the light client SDK simpler we decided to left it on the node side).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to deposit token on a channel the Light Client must call the endpoint `light_channels` using the `PATCH` method. We actually could have made the light client send the open channel transaction directly to RSK without passing through the node, but for the sake of maintaining all the logic on the node and keep the light client SDK simpler, we decided to leave this logic on the node side.
```

note that this statement appears in multiple locations.

suggestion: remove it from these locations, and put it in a section on design decisions at the bottom of this page?

<div align="center"><img width="100%" src="/assets/img/lumino/lumino-interaction-2.png" alt=""/></div>

- The flow starts when a Light Client invokes the initPayment endpoint. This indicates to the node a new payment request by the Light Client. This carries a few actions made by the node:
  - It creates a new Payment entity with all the general data related to the payment.
  - It starts the payment flow (see the document describing the exchange of messages between nodes in a payment flow)
  - This flow generates a few messages to sign by the light client (remember  the node never has access to the light client private keys, so he has to ask the light client to sign the messages he needs to send to the payee)

> - The light client has to make a long polling to the &quot;msg&quot; endpoint using GET method. Everytime the node needs some interaction with the light client it creates a new message in the &quot;MessagesPending&quot; table. This endpoint retrieves all the messages in this table for the light client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The light client has to make a long polling to the `msg` endpoint using `GET` method. Every time the node needs some interaction with the light client it creates a new message in the `MessagesPending` table. This endpoint retrieves all the messages in this table for the light client.
```
